Everyone is James here?
This is just a quick video where I'm going to be giving you 100% off my personal SAS development boilerplate.
The reason I'm giving this to you is because I want to give back to the developer community, and I
think it's really great for you to have an easy boilerplate that will allow you to get started quickly
on new projects.
So what is this boilerplate come with?
Well, this comes with a local super base development stack so that you'll be able to automatically
build your entire setup from authentication payments and develop locally.
Also, we have things such as TypeScript support, so we'll automatically regenerate all of the types
whenever you make a change to your local database.
Also, the boilerplate comes bundled with sentry integration, so you can easily detect and monitor
edge cases and bugs directly in real time.
This allows you to catch errors early so that your customers aren't going to get upset.
There's also a stripe integration so that you'll be developing easily with stripe.
It's already set up out of the box for you.
With inside the actual repository, there is a prompts folder that allows you to easily automate lots
of different tasks with markdown files.
As well as that, we also provide jest tests and playwright tests inside of this boilerplate.
You can also deploy these directly to GitHub actions so that you can test your application before deploying
to production.
This is just a promotional discount that only applies to people that have bought my Udemy course.
I just want to give you a great thank you for this.
And also, I think it's really unfair that all of these other Boilerplates are charging $149 and they're
not cursor friendly.
I've put a lot of time into building this production grade stack, and I want to keep this up to date,
and I really want to make sure that this is the best stack for cursor and Superbase and Shadchan.
To gain access to the boilerplate for free, just visit cursor devkit.com and then enter the Udemy Free
Promotion code.
When you go into stripe checkout, you'll get 100% off, so I recommend going for the most expensive
plan.
I'd love to get your feedback on this and enjoy the boilerplate.